# Nukr API

This project is part of Nubank's hiring process for a Software Engineer position. It consists of a REST API 
where we can simulate connections between users.

The API was written using Compojure-API. All the interactions with the API can be done using the swagger interface.


## Features

* add user
* retrieve user
* add friend
* request friends suggestion

## Usage

### Run the application locally

`lein ring server`

### Little Demo

The database is preloaded with data. It has seven accounts already filled with friends. 
The id's start from 12341 up to 12347. 

12341 - Tony Stark

12342 - Stephen Strange

12343 - Bruce Banner

12344 - Thor Odinson

12345 - Natasha Romanoff

12346 - Clint Barton

12347 -Steve Rogers

They are the Original Avengers formation and Steven Strange (Doctor Strange). 
At the beginning of Avengers Infinity War, Doctor Strange had the chance to meet two members of the original Avengers
team. He met Bruce Banner and Tony Stark.He met Thor Odinson during the Thor Ragnarok movie.

So, Stephen Strange has three friends registered in the database. All the Avengers knows each other.

So we want Doctor Strange to meet the other three Avengers, so we request the API for suggestions:

`http://localhost:3000/api/user/12342/friend-suggestion`

We would expect to get three results, but instead, we only got two suggestions. The API only
suggested Steve Rogers and Natasha. That's because Clint has the privacy toggle to true, so his
profile won't be considered as a suggestion.


### A Few considerations

* The id is only a Long number provided by the user. I had this decision because it would be easier
to demonstrate the use of the API. I would be boring to deal with ids generated by the Java UUID.

### Packaging and running as standalone jar

```
lein do clean, ring uberjar
java -jar target/server.jar
```

### Packaging as war

`lein ring uberwar`

## License

Copyright ©  FIXME
